# ChatBot Using Gemini AI API

This Flutter project demonstrates integration with Gemini AI API to create a chatbot.

## Overview

ChatBot Using Gemini AI API is a Flutter application that showcases how to build a chatbot using the Gemini AI API. Gemini AI offers powerful natural language processing capabilities that can be seamlessly integrated into applications for creating conversational interfaces.

## Features

- **Chat Interface**: User-friendly chat interface powered by Gemini AI.
- **API Integration**: Demonstrates effective communication with Gemini AI API endpoints.
- **Message Processing**: Sends user messages to Gemini AI and displays responses in real-time.

## Getting Started

To run this project locally and explore its functionalities, follow these steps:

### Prerequisites

- Flutter SDK installed (version >= 3.3.3)
- Android/iOS device or emulator

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/IJNikhil/fluttergemini.git


2. Navigate to the project directory:

   ```bash
   cd ChatBot-Using-GeminiAI-API
   ```

3. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   flutter pub get
   ```

4. Add your Gemini AI API credentials to `lib/config.dart`:

   ```dart
   const apiKey = 'your_api_key_here';
   ```

### Usage

1. Run the app:

   ```bash
   flutter run
   ```

2. Interact with the chatbot:
   - Type messages in the chat interface.
   - Observe responses generated by Gemini AI.

### Configuration

Ensure you have obtained API credentials from Gemini AI and replace `'your_api_key_here'` in `lib/utils/constants.dart` with your actual API key.

### Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please fork the repository and submit a pull request with your proposed changes.

### Acknowledgments

- **Gemini AI**: Special thanks to Gemini AI for providing the API used in this project.

### Contact

For inquiries, issues, or suggestions, please [open an issue](https://github.com/your_username/ChatBot-Using-GeminiAI-API/issues).